
1. "GROSSHOPPER AND ANT"

->Grosshopper and Ant were best friends,and different personalities,The grosshopper would spend his hole day sleeping and playing
 with guiter, The Ant would spend his days collect food  build his ant hill

 Every now and then Grosshopper would tell to ant take a rest, The Ant would refuse continue to complete work
 
Soon winter, Making days and nights cold. One day the ant colony trying to a dry corns, The grosshopper, Who was extremly weak and hungry,
The grosshopper came up to the ant, And asked "can you please give a piece of corn", The ant repiled ,We worked hard for corn's all summer while you relaxed,
Why should we give to you

The grosshopper was so busy singing and playing he didn't have enoght food for winter,
Finally the grosshopper was relaized.

"Moral of the story" :
->Make use every oppertunity while you have it.




2."Try to listen what other's said wheather are educated or not"

->Once there are three Disciples where all of them are educated from scholar, One find day all of them went through jungle for survival, At
the time they had seen a dried lion and they wanted to make the lion alive with their educated powers, But the uneducated person remainded them,
"It was a dangerous, May be threat of your lifes", And went away from that place, educated persons they havn't shown any interst to the words of
uneducater person and they are started using their powers, They made lion alive, as we all known the nature of the lion, Three disciples have been killed
by the lion for survival and went away.




3."Once a enemy always a enemy"

->In a jungle there lived a Tiger,few meters distance a Heron was lived,As we are all known they both are born enemies, They havn't talk any day ans used their 
life happiley, One fine day flesh of killed animals stucked in mouth of the Tiger and started grieving ,Though heron was started helping to save life ,Later Both 
of them becomes best friends, As of now, They are started sharing everything including food, When Hunted can't survival,Later Tiger plans to kill Heron and eat 
as health is important more than friendship, Acted if something stuck in mounth and ate Heron.



4."THINK TWICE BEFORE MAKING ANY STEP".

->One find day two powerfull sheep's are been fighting in aterrific manner besides all of the people over there started clapping where as a fox was seeing that fight
 and one of the sheep has been injured more and started coming blood out of the body and fox seeing the blood and started mouthwater to the fox, They wanted to eat sheep's at 
any cost, then fox was started running without proper plan and  as we said sheeps are more powerfull and they went long away ran to win the war, All of a sudden fox hasbeen
 hit hard by the sheeps and died on the spot.


5."THE FOOLISH THIEF".

->One day a wealthy man came to Akbar's court in hope to get help from Birbal. The man suspected one of his servarnts had stolean from him, The clever birbal thought of a plan and gave all
marchent's servants sticks of same length and told to them these sticks will grow three inches by tommorrow if they were the thief, The next day all the servants gathered around birbal 
,He was noticed one of the servants stick was three inches shorter than others, Birbal immediately understood who the thief was. 
The thief had cut the stick shorter by three inches as he thought the skick would grow three inches.Because of this his  guilt was proven

"Moral of the story":
The truth will always come out one way are another,So better to be truthful from the beginning

6. "THE STROKE AND THE CRAB".

->An Old stroke lived on the side of a fish pond.He was too old,and he had to come up one idea for food.Suddenly,he had a great idea.
 He stood in the water with a sad face.A crab come up to him and ask him why he was so unhappy.The stroke said, I heared this  pond is going to dry up soon and now I have to fly away to another pond.concerned,
the crab asked the stroke to save animals in the pond as well.
He would take a couple of fish in his beak and fly away towards anthor pond Once he woThe Grab  immedaitely realized what was happining and grabbed the stroke's throat tight with his sharp claws, 
stroke was suffered to get free but the grab held on stroke throat.Soon the stroke fell to the ground. The crab back to his pond to tell the story to the rest of the pond creatures.

"Moral of the story"
 To much greed is bad for you and will only cause your harm

7."THE FOX AND THE STROKE.uld reach far out of sight the pond,he would eat them , He did this many times. Now The turn was grab.As they were flying the crab looked down 
but coudn't see any pond Howevere he saw alot offish bones, 

->Once there was a fox and a stroke.The fox was a selfish but he has decided to invaite the troke for dinner.The stroke was extremly happy to be invaited and
 she reached his home on time.

The fox opened the door and invaited her in and the stroke was sat on the table. The fox was served her soup in shallow bowls. While the fox was licked up his soup but,
the stroke coudn't drink because he has a long beak and the bowl was too shallow.

Next day the stroke was invaited the fox for dinner.The stroke was served him soup as well but,in two narrow vases, While the stroke enjoyed her soup and finished it, the fox
 went home very hungry and realized his mistake 

"Moral of the story"
Dont be selfish beacuase it will come back to you at same point"